# This is a pretty rubbish book that im writing alongside this game inorder to generate ideas

## Chapter 1

"Yes but don't you think that the increase suicide rates and increased augmentation rates are related?
Just look at the numbers, in 2050 - before the augmentations - suicide rates were at a fraction of a
percentage; now, they're at almost 50%. Is that not proof in the numbers?".

It was a grim day. Paul began today like any other day, scrolling through all the thousands of channels
of his TV in the futile hope that there would be something new, something that wasn't on TV at the same time
yesterday, or the day before, or any day in the last 12 years. As per usual, the news channel was displaying
a horrific story about the incredible increase in suicide rates since the legalisation of augmentations.

Augmentations were the latest craze. Everyone wanted them, mainly because they needed them to sustain a job.
Augmentations, on paper, were incredible; bypass your human limitations and do anything that you want to.
Instead of this utopic dream becoming realised, they were now a requirement for any worker. If you didn't have
one, you were not any value to the company. The most sought after augmentation was the sleep augmentation; an
augmentation that negates the human requirements of sleep and rest. With this augmentation, you could work
indefinitely - only stopping for food and drink. An amazing combination with this, was an augmentation that
would remove your emotions; not only can you work almost all day every day, but you would also be completely
fine with it. It was the capitalist dream.

A byproduct of this borderline slavery was greatly increased poverty rates. Homelessness was at an all time high
with there being more people without a home than with. Those fortunate enough to be employed would have
augmentations because if you didn't, you would not have a job
